#PLEASE NOTE EXECUTABLES ARE .out
for make clean to function properly and get rid of executables as well


1. How do you design and implement your RDP header and header fields? Do you use any additional header fields?

I do not use any extra header fields other than specified in the assignment, I use a string to store the header, it's space separated
and stops processing the header after it finds a new line character

2. How do you design and implement the connection management using SYN, FIN and RST packets? How to choose the initial sequence number?

The initial sequence number is a random integer using rand(), SYN is sent first to the receiver and the sender waits for an ack, it is a two way handshake,
the sender continues to try and send SYN messages until the receiver responds. FIN messages are sent from the receiver in the
bulksendDat function after the file pointer no longer reads any data, then the receiver closes and sends a FIN, the sender closes after receiving the last packet.

3. How do you design and implement the flow control using window size? How to choose the initial window size and adjust the size? 
How to read and write the file and how to manage the buffer at the sender and receiver side, respectively?

the window size is fixed 1024 bytes and the sender only uses up to that amount of space to send, the flow control is implemented 
through arrays of packets, with the max window taking 10 buffers at a time, the file is read using a file pointer to the directory 
same as with writing the receiver has a fixed array of packets that it waits until it's full to completely process, it acknowledges
the last packet that is in the correct sequence in the array, with the right sequence number. If the receiver times out and receives
three of the same acknowlegment in a row it tries to find the next packet in its own array. the array on the sender side is dynamic and 
stores the packets that haven't yet been acknowledged by the receiver. When a sequence is acknowleged it removes that packet from the array
and adds when a DAT is sent.(either from bulk or otherwise)

4. How do you design and implement the error detection, notification and recovery? How to use timer? How many timers do you use? 
How to respond to the events at the sender and receiver side, respectively? How to ensure reliable data transfer?

I use one timer as in TCP fast recovery, the timer is used with select to detect when a packet was received on the sender side. the sender uses a variable array to store sent packets that havent been acknowleged yet, and if an ack was received three times it sends the next packet in the sequence from that again. If the sender receives an ack it removes the data packet with an equal sequence number to the ack. On the receiver side it has a fixed array where it stores the packets as well as the last acknowleged packet that hasn't broken the sequence, the sequence is calculated using the payload and sequence number to determine where the packets fall in the sequence, when the buffer is full it is output to the file.

5. Any additional design and implementation considerations you want to get feedback from your lab instructor?

I have no speciific concerns at the moment, I am open for feedback though.
